Update manage-deployment-of-add-ins.md (#833)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-O365ITPro: Office365-Admin/manage/manage-deployment-of-add-ins.md

- **Line-of-business add-in:** In this case, where an admin explicitly uploaded a manifest, the add-in requires that the admin upload a new manifest file to support metadata changes. The next time the relevant Office applications start, the add-in will update. The web application can change at any time. 
    
- **Office Store add-in:** When an admin selected an add-in from the Office Store, if an add-in updates in the Office Store, the add-in will update later in Centralized Deployment. The next time the relevant Office applications start, the add-in will update. The web application can change at any time. 

### Edit Add-in access

> Post Deployment, Admin can also modify the user access to add-in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Post Deployment, Admin can also modify the user access to add-ins.
```

> 1. In the admin center, go to the Settings > Services & add-ins page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the admin center, go to the **Settings** > **Services & add-ins** page.
```

> 2. Select the Deployed Add-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the deployed add-in.
```

> 3. Click on **Edit** under **Who has Access**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click on **Edit** under **Who has Access**.
```

1. On the **Home** ribbon, select **Get Add-ins**.<br/>![Store button in Outlook](../media/getaddinsicon.png)
  
2. Select **Admin-managed** in the left nav.

## Delete the add-in

> If you want to delete the add-in that was deployed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also delete an add-in that was deployed.
```

> 1. In the admin center, go to the Settings > Services & add-ins page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the admin center, go to the **Settings** > **Services & add-ins** page.
```

> 2. Select the Deployed Add-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the deployed add-in.
```

> 3. Click on **Delete Add-In**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click on **Delete Add-In**.
```
